Modify rule S3782: Adapt to LaYC (#2457)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3782/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> The types of the arguments that built-in functions accept are specified in the JavaScript language specifications. Calls to these functions should conform to the documented types as they are designed to work with specific types of data. If the arguments passed to these functions do not match the expected types, it can lead to errors and unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The types of the arguments that built-in functions accept are specified in the JavaScript language specification. Calls to these functions should conform to the documented types as they are designed to work with specific data types. If the arguments passed to these functions do not match the expected types, it can lead to type errors or unexpected behavior.
```
